Peace be upon you, I'm Dustin, and welcome to "Every day smarter"
I have just interviewed the President of the United States of America
It really is strange to me because I'm not a journalist
I'm not a politician, I'm a rocket engineer
I will, however, take a different view from the rest of the people
The interview with the president is something different because you learn a lot about it
The White House is also definitely, but you learn things about yourself as well
The video will contain 4 paragraphs
1. How it happened. 2. What were my goals from this interview
3. The interview is complete. 4. And what is declared of it.
What I understood is that there were many candidates to meet the president
At one point, it became one of the candidates most likely to do so
I did not register on the basis of liberal or democratic, and the question was asked: for the benefit of the voice
And I did not answer
But the way I answered it made it clear to me
I will not be selected for the interview
And it happened the opposite and I chose
It was a secret for 3 weeks and then went to Los Angeles to film an interview.
There she met Adnold and Ingrid
They were very fun and humble too
When I returned home I asked suggestions about the questions I should ask on the Internet
I received all kinds of answers
I mean good and bad too. It was fun
But think about it, I do not agree with the president on all issues
So I learned it was a great opportunity in front of me
I was able to sit down with the most powerful man in the world and tell him how to run the country in my view
Or I would accept that he sees things differently than I think
And to try a deep, intelligent and respectful interview.
My goal was not only a smart and respectable interview
With someone I may not share my opinion on some topics
But I was hoping to prove that it would be fun.
For that, I went to Washington where I met the president.
Yesterday the meeting, we went to the studio
In Maryland, we trained on it with Frederic
He's a Google employee, a very funny man.
The next day, we went to the White House and we met a dog president
Which was in fact very soft.
We have settings and make sure we move correctly what we need
Each of us went to a corner to review the questions for the last time
To make sure we adjust what we say.
Then the President waited for us to come and we started the interview
The president had told us who we were
Susie would give him a light about the interview,
And then I was watching him with a video
Then Ingrid would ask him what was in his pocket.
Many people wanted to know, once I read these, cards
In the White House, these cards are available, before the interview.
The answer is: no.
What I did is
I looked him in the eye all the time
This was evident, through his physical expression
That makes him comfortable
That impressed me. When I was aware of it
I said to myself: Yahah, a citizen who came back to the White House
In an interview with the world's most powerful man,
In an interview on live broadcast
This is very transparent.
I do not care what you say about the man's policy,
But that impressed me, and I liked it a lot.
For several reasons, I was not nervous, really
I was so excited about it.
I decided to ask questions first
On how to develop his intelligence in areas that may not be his specialty.
The answer was important, because it is clear
Has changed its means throughout the presidency.
While he was answering, it was clear to me that he was in a traditional position to meet
His body was untouchable
Remember that until now the president is not aware of the quality of the interrogators I am.
For information, I could have been tough.
What happened next is something I will never forget
I learned that we were on the same wave,
I really wanted to make it clear to him,
He listened to him for 10 hours through recorded books.
Note the face of the President,
You will see the moment when we were contacted.
Opama: I think it's compatible with,
You are aware of this, the approach of scientists to address problems in general.
Destin: Actually I've listened to your recorded books
And in "my father's dreams,"
He concluded by addressing the National Democratic Convention of 2004.
Did you see that? Let's go back and take a look at the language of his body.
He was discreet, and then the call happened.
Is not that great?
It was the moment when she was really interviewed
It became fun and smart
Between two people who want each one for the better one.
It was a wonderful moment, and I will never forget it.
My second question was about polarization.
It was clear to me that the country knows two poles very much about what it was before,
In fact, there are data to make sure.
Whatever your point of view, it has become very common to make fun of
From the other side and to blame him for all the country's problems.
The president explained why this is growing.
Obama: The problem is that, when we return to our policy,
Whatever the reason,
This is largely related, as you know, to the media
Some people only watch Fox News
Others do not, only read the New York Times,
And so they are not starting from the common points between them.
They take two positions in their view of the world only.
Dastin: In the field of theoretical enmity, there are so-called "magnifying results"
There is what is positive and what is negative views.
If you remove the negative from any two systems, the discrimination will occur and create chaos.
This is not the science of politics, this of mathematics.
When people listen, from right or left, to the media that pleases them only
This is dangerous.
There are no negative responses that bring you back to the moderate middle, and this will lead to extremism.
I liked what the President said on this point,
Because it is the responsibility of each of the parties in the political dialogue
To listen to the arguments of the other.
Otherwise, you will be in the echo room, and you will only hear those sounds
That inflated, what, you want to hear, and then a little will only remain a controversy.
My third question was about space, where the president shook hands,
I forgot to be a respected and respected gentleman.
On the whole, you can see in my face how excited you are to this question
I would like the viewer to listen to the President's answer.
I wanted to end this with a funny observation, so I asked him this interesting question from Reddit:
Destin: If there is something to be called after you, opium
I hope that this is the first time that you have been asked this question.
OBAMA: I never got that question.
Destin: Excellent
the question is:
Obama: This is the first time.
Destin: So what do you want this tool to be
Obama: What is the tool ..... What will be ....
Destin: The tool is an opium.
OBAMA: The question is, what will be the affairs of Obama?
Destin: That's true
Obama: That's important
Dosten: I will not show all his answers now, and I encourage you to see the whole interview
You will find it full in the White House Channel. White's House Channel.
It is time to talk about what you have learned from this experience.
The exercise of thinking about questions to ask the most powerful man in the world
It's different from being at home or chatting with your friends
And planning to go and sit, and look into his eyes
And ask questions.
I united myself I would like to know more,
More mutual and more compassionate.
Why? Why do we tend to be disrespectful?
These two things are what I have learned from the president's interview on how to communicate with people
May differ from them.
No. 1. If you write or chat with someone in your phone,
I will say that I sit with that person, and look at them in the right,
Because I want to be respectful and tolerant.
# 2: If you can listen, that's great!
Think about it, if I listen, not just ride my answer to show that I'm smart,
But if he really listened to contact with them from heart to heart,
My credibility and the extent of my influence on that person will increase!
Even if he was the most powerful man in the world, think about it.
Respect and listen.
It's really simple.
But that is very hard.
And thank you, it went from the rockets,
To the President's interview .... This is really crazy!
In any case, if this is the first episode you see on the channel every day smarter
For some reason, you feel comfortable joining the channel, do so,
But only if you think it's worth it!
Another scoundrel, I thank the fans who supported me from the start
To date, this is awesome and is Audible.com
So I prepared for this interview,
I shot some shots from the White House to tell you what I learned.
I hope you enjoyed my experience at the White House.
If you are interested in listening to President Barack Obama's books,
The first is "Dad Dreams", you can get free sermons on Audible.com/smarter
And I really advise you this book, it is an excellent reader,
Fabulous. Another book, "The Audacity to Hope"
You have full freedom to check out these books, and I suspect it is, important to you
Be aware of the ideas of the country.
On the whole, I would like you to pass on Audible.com/smarter
"The audacity on the amps" and "My father's dreams."
He was with you Dustin. To win every day is smarter! I wish you a pleasant day!